Introducing Svelte Promise Modals blog post (#2352)
mainmatter/mainmatter.com: src/posts/2024-04-08-introducing-svelte-promise-modals.md

---
title: "Introducing Svelte Promise Modals"
authorHandle: zeppelin
tags: [svelte]
bio: "Gabor Babicz, Senior Software Engineer"
description:

>   "Mainmatter released a library to implement modals in a few lines of code,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "Gabor Babicz presents Mainmatter's svelte-promise-modals, a library to implement modals in a few lines of code,
```

>   following the async patterns that are already in your Svelte app"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  following the async patterns that are already in your Svelte app."
```

og:
  image: "/assets/images/posts/2024-04-08-introducing-svelte-promise-modals/og-image.jpg"
image: "/assets/images/posts/2024-04-08-introducing-svelte-promise-modals/header-visual.png"
imageAlt: "The Svelte logo on a grey background picture"
---

> # Introducing Svelte Promise Modals

Author: No, that's a leftover making a comeback, removing. Thanks!
